this may look to some to be a schematic
diagram of a vacuum - but it's actually
a symbol of some important airforce
achievements during one seven day period
in mid-december 59 the Air Force sent
five new aircraft records here at
Edwards Air Force Base an f-104
starfighter weapon system accustomed to
breaking records was piloted by captain
Joe Jordan - a new world's altitude mark
captain Jordan is a test pilot at a RDCs
flight test center from break release to
98,000 424 feet the f-104 established a
time to climb record of 15 minutes and
then zoom to a new altitude record of
100 3395 feet bettering the previous
record by more than 4,800 feet Brigadier
General Joseph Moore commander of the
4th Tactical Fighter Wing piloted his
f-105 thunderchief in an assault on the
world speed record for a closed course
his altitude 38,000 feet
the general pulled a constant two to
two-and-a-half GS as he steered his
fighter in a tight sixty two and a half
mile circle and with the speed of 1216
miles per hour bettered the previous
French record by almost 100 miles per
hour this is air defense commands newest
interceptor the f-106 delta dart but
major joseph w rogers at the controls
the 106 bettered a recent soviet record
by 38 miles per hour for a straightaway
speed run at 40,000 feet major Rogers
flashed two ways on an 18 mile measured
course for an average of better than
1525 miles per hour and in Brookfield
Connecticut captain Walter Hudson pilot
and Major William Davis copilot looook a
man aged 43 B helicopter to a new world
altitude mark bettering a Soviet record
by nearly 10,000 feet the age 43 tops
30,000 feet in an extraordinary
helicopter performance
the Distinguished Flying Cross is
awarded by Chief of Staff General Thomas
white to the men who flew their aircraft
to new world records
it's a remarkable accomplishment five
records in seven days a feat which
demonstrates the performance
capabilities of the weapons systems now
in use by the United States Air Force